# Built-in Functions

<table><thead><tr><th width="161">Function Name</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>abs</td><td>Returns the absolute value of a number. The absolute value of a number is the number without its sign.</td></tr><tr><td>sqrt</td><td>Returns the square root of a positive number.</td></tr><tr><td>pow</td><td>Returns a number raised to a power. Takes two arguments: the base number and the exponent.</td></tr><tr><td>exp</td><td>Returns "e" raised to the power of a number. Takes one argument, the exponent.</td></tr><tr><td>log</td><td>Returns the logarithm of a number to the specified base. Takes two arguments: the number and the base. The default base is 10.</td></tr><tr><td>ln</td><td>Returns the natural logarithm of a number. Takes one argument, the number.</td></tr><tr><td>round</td><td>Rounds a number to the nearest integer.</td></tr><tr><td>floor</td><td>Rounds a number down to the nearest multiple of a significance value. Takes two arguments: the number and the significance.</td></tr><tr><td>ceil</td><td>Rounds a number up to the nearest multiple of a significance value. Takes two arguments: the number and the significance.</td></tr><tr><td>sin</td><td>Returns the sine of an angle. Takes one argument: the angle in radians</td></tr><tr><td>cos</td><td>Returns the cosine of an angle. Takes one argument - the angle in radians.</td></tr><tr><td>tan</td><td>Returns the tangent of an angle. Takes one argument - the angle in radians.</td></tr><tr><td>asin</td><td>Returns the inverse sine of a number. Takes one argument - the number</td></tr><tr><td>acos</td><td>Returns the inverse cosine of a number. Takes one argument - the number.</td></tr><tr><td>atan</td><td>Returns the inverse tangent of a number. Takes one argument - the number.</td></tr><tr><td>atan2</td><td>Returns the inverse tangent of x and y coordinates. Takes two arguments: x and y values.</td></tr><tr><td>sum</td><td>Adds values. It can take a range of cells or multiple arguments of values to add.</td></tr><tr><td>max</td><td>Returns the maximum value from a range of values. Takes one or more arguments of values.</td></tr><tr><td>min</td><td>Returns the minimum value from a range of values. Takes one or more arguments of values.</td></tr><tr><td>if</td><td><p>The "IF" function is used to test a condition and return one value if the condition is met and another value if the condition is not met.</p><p>The syntax is:</p><p>=if(logical_test, value_if_true, value_if_false)</p></td></tr></tbody></table>
